### Q1
Which of the following is the best way to update an S# notification configuration, when a change in the lambda version needs to be referred by an S3 bucket after new objects are created in the bucket? 
* **Specify Lambda Alias ARN in the notification configuration**
    * when a Lambda Alias is used in the notification configuration, and a new version of the Lambda function is created, you need to update Alias ARN pointing to a new function. No changes are required to be done at the S3 bucket.
    * https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/configuration-aliases.html
* Specify Lambda Function ARN in the notification configuration
    * when a Lambda Function ARN is used in the notification configuration, whenever there is a new Lambda Function created, you will need to update ARN in notification configuration to point to the latest version
* Specify Lambda Qualified ARN in the notification configuration
    * when a Lambda Qualified ARN is used in the notification configuration, whenever there is a new Lambda created,  
* Specify Lambda $LATEST ARN in the notification configuration
    * there is nothing as $LATEST ARN. $LATEST version has two ARN associated with it. Qualified ARN and Unqualified ARN.

### Q2
A developer is building an  application that needs access to an S3 bucket. An IAM role is created with the required permissions to access the s3 bucket.  
Which API call should the DEveloper use in application so that the code can access to the S3 bucket? 
* IAM: AccessRole
* STS:GetSessionToken
* IAM:GetRoleAccess
* **STS:AssumeRole**
    * a role specifies a set of permissions that you can use to access AWS resources. In tha sense, it is similar to an IAM user. An application assumes a role to receive permissions to carry out required tasks and interact with AWS resources.
    * https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_roles_use_switch-role-api.html